Add NXF_DEV launcher support for automated dev builds (#7219)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/env-vars.mdx

Defines the DSL version that should be used in not specified otherwise in the script of config file (default: `2`)

##### `NXF_DEV`

<AddedInVersion version="26.08" />

> Use an automated development build of Nextflow, for testing purposes only. Set to `master` for the latest build of the master branch, or `pr-<number>` for the latest build of a pull request. Builds are published in the [nextflow-dev-builds](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow-dev-builds) repository. The core plugins compiled from the same source are used in place of the released plugin versions, while third-party plugins are downloaded from the plugin registry as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an automated development build of Nextflow, for testing only. Set to `master` for the latest master-branch build, or `pr-<number>` for the latest build of a pull request. Builds are published in the [nextflow-dev-builds](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow-dev-builds) repository. Core plugins compiled from the same source replace the released plugin versions. Third-party plugins are downloaded from the plugin registry as usual.
```
